gnome-terminal-colors-monokai
=============================

These scripts set the GNOME terminal color scheme to match the original Monokai
colors for Textmate by Wimer Hazenburg
(http://www.monokai.nl/blog/2006/07/15/textmate-color-theme/).

The GNOME terminal palette used is from oneKelvinSmith's repository monokai
(https://github.com/oneKelvinSmith/monokai). The scripts to change the palette
are from Anthony25's repository
(https://github.com/Anthony25/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized). Check
them out!

Installation and usage
----------------------

To be able to uninstall, we highly recommend that you create a new GNOME
Terminal profile, using the menus in GNOME Terminal.

You need the `dconf` command (if you run a recent GNOME version). With Ubuntu,
this can be installed by running

    $ sudo apt-get install dconf-cli

Then you can run the installation script:

    $ ./install.sh

And just follow the instructions.

You can also run the `set_original.sh` script to directly set the dark or light
monokai theme to the actived gnome-terminal profile.

Uninstall
---------

Be sure to have the dconf-cli package installed and do:

    $ dconf reset -f /org/gnome/terminal/legacy/profiles:/PROFILE_ID"

Replace PROFILE_ID by your profile ID (you can get it in your profile
configuration in gnome-terminal).

Themes
------

Each theme has is own folder in the `colors` dir. It contains 5 files:

  * bd_color: bold color
  * bg_color: background color
  * fg_color: foreground color
  * palette: palette for dconf

No additional configuration is needed to add a theme, the installation script
just list at launch the children folders in the `colors` dir.

License
-------

MIT.

Can I add Monokai theme alternatives or request changes?
--------------------------------------------------------

Sure! Just submit a merge request and I'll get to it as soon as I can. For new
themes, just add a new directory in colors/ with the same structure as
colors/original/.